help me understand the mechanisms (#1281)
elixir-lang/elixir-lang.github.com: getting-started/mix-otp/supervisor-and-application.markdown

              {extra_applications,[logger]}]}.
```

This file contains Erlang terms (written using Erlang syntax). Even though we are not familiar with Erlang, it is easy to guess this file holds our application definition. It contains our application `version`, all the modules defined by it, as well as a list of applications we depend on, like Erlang's `kernel`, `elixir` itself, and `logger`. 

> > The `logger` application is started by default with Elixir. We stated that our application needs it by specifying it in the `:extra_applications` list in `mix.exs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `logger` application ships as part of Elixir. We stated that our application needs it by specifying it in the `:extra_applications` list in `mix.exs`. See the [official docs](https://hexdocs.pm/logger) for more information.
```

## The application callback

> TODO: sorry, here I'm understanding less than beans from here on. I think that before we start modifying things, we should explain how things work in the first place. Like, how is it that the `Application.start(:kv)` tells us that `:kv` is `:already_started`? Where is that written in the code, or how is it assumed by the system? Is there anything we can change in `mix.exs`, or wherever else, that influences this? But I wish to see it in a single sentence, like "change this, and try it out". Oh, by the way, either I missed it, or we do not yet know how to reload modules, that is: compile and reload, from iex.

Reviewer: Is this comment in  the correct place? The part we talk about Application.start(:kv) is the previous session.

Author: this is the spot where I realized I could not any more follow the text.
